all over:повсюду: - No! - Shock and outrage all over
along with:вместе с: Along with anyone who helped him.
although:хотя, если бы даже, несмотря на то, что: Although at this point, it's more like Doctor Why Bother?
among:среди, между, у, из, в числе: ...That there is no loyalty among thieves.
apparently:по-видимому: Apparently, there are no companies
as do I:как и я
as important as:также важно, как: Just as important as throwing one, master bruce.
at all.:вообще.: How can you be late? I wasn't expecting you at all.
at least:по крайней мере: At least not in public.
barely:едва: How can I be a gynecologist? I can barely look a woman in the eye!
besides:кроме, помимо: Besides the black eye to the department,
by virtue:в силу: while Mr. Kim, by virtue of his youth and naivete,
currently:в настоящее время: Danzer is currently out on bail awaiting trial.
despite:несмотря на
during:во время, в течение, в процессе, в продолжение: No, you don't understand. During acceleration,
either of you:Кто-нибудь из вас: Do either of you play video games?
ergo:следовательно: and stop yourself from buying it. Ergo, you would still have it.
et cetera:и т.д.: At police department's sluggish response." et cetera.
ever since:с тех пор как: Ever since the waynes were killed,
evidently:по-видимому: Evidently.
for weeks now:в течене нескольких недель
in particular:в частности
in principle:в принципе, принципиально: In principle, you have a point.
instead:вместо: instead of doing that, he just...
lest: чтобы не
nevertheless:тем не менее
no hard feelings.:без обид.: I wanted to make sure there were no hard feelings.
no offense:Не в обиду: No offense, you don't strike me as a nice person.
not to mention:не говоря уже о: Not to mention you already lost Godzilla to the Illinois cavalry and Hulk.
on a matter:по вопросу: On a matter of deep concern to him,
other than:кроме: Other than with me. Not that I don't love having you,
perhaps:возможно: Perhaps there's still hope for you.
precisely:точно: More precisely, weused your loofah.
pretext:предлог, отговорка, отговариваться, приводить в качестве отговорки: As a pretext to lock up children
quite:вполне: You're quite a survivor.
rather:скорее: To be fair, he's also a rather unpleasant winner.
recently:недавно: The position recently became available.
since:поскольку, так как, с тех пор как, с, после, со времени: But he hasn't been back there since last night.
suffice:достаточно, хватит
thus:таким образом
turns out:Оказывается,: Turns out... City's getting ready to demo it.
up to:вплоть до: Oh! Uh, up to our necks in trouble.
up until now,:до сих пор,: Up until now, I've had better things to do.
urgent:срочный, неотложный, актуальный, настоятельный, насущный: But it's urgent that I speak with you.
usually:обычно: All right, look, a tie on the doorknob usually means
what the heck:какого черта: - [ All chuckling ] - What the heck are you doing?!
